But I first thought that only a battle would force the goods.
Besides, you hold the button of such an unreasonable Bai Erlang,
If you don't make him fat once and for all,
He will always feel that it is a pity that I reward you so much,
Always bet on me and put my face down,
So please pay me. Send someone to fight,
Hold on, where is Dahuangzi?
As they talked, they went to eat. There can be an army of 100,000 to control the country.
Even with our great strength and the strength of the country, it is difficult to resist.
Everyone will praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise.
If the two countries go to war, the people will be separated from each other.
Half a day military
receive a bad connection
I also ask my father to work hard
I am an ordinary person and I owe it to you to become a general in the Great Xia
You are the royal family of the royal family.
No reward, no debt, no debt
Is it right to take pressure and return it to the people? If you don’t have the royal family, you will have the wrong general.
You are the class leader of others
The most wonderful thing about his majestic actions
He is not your mighty general
The general's general's general's general didn't get the big red clan
Don't say anything after repairing
The general has a great career in his life
I don’t have the energy to protect Daxia
How long will the result be?
Take advantage of being the dominant one